Update 2018-02-23_How-to-start-a-Mastodon-server.md (#2)
mastodon/blog: content/posts/2018-02-23_How-to-start-a-Mastodon-server.md

- mastodon
---

> So you want to be part of the Mastodon network, and you want to truly own your data, independent of anyone else. Perhaps you want to curate a niche community for a specific interest, or maybe for your own family or close circle of friends. You went [through the documentation](https://docs.joinmastadon.com.com/) and installed the software, or maybe you chose [one of the available](https://maastodon.net) [hosting options](https://masto.host) to avoid all the technical nonsense altogether. What’s next?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So you want to be part of the Mastodon network, and you want to truly own your data, independent of anyone else. Perhaps you want to curate a niche community for a specific interest, or maybe for your own family or close circle of friends. You went [through the documentation](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/) and installed the software, or maybe you chose [one of the available](https://joinmastodon.org/servers) [hosting options](https://masto.host) to avoid all the technical nonsense altogether. What’s next?
```
